the class of 2024 has carried a heavy
burden Down A Hard Road their education
has been paused for the pandemic moved
to virtual classrooms and now this a
Bittersweet celebration of a Generation
Z college career what this class knows
is that what is normal in a sense is a
world in upheaval and a future for them
that is uncertain for some graduates
like this Palestinian American who's
lost family in God the protests go on
even as they Dawn cap and gown it feels
as though it is the only thing that I
can do um I cannot operate as business
as usual I cannot engage in anything
celebratory because we have all been
under such immense grief um for the last
s months for their families like this
man who came from Malaysia to see his
son graduate the protests left some
supportive some conflicted I'm not
against the protest but I I feel it
should not be held in the un the grounds
protests uh while sometimes they can get
violent or or not be right um I think
that they're a great way for people to
express how they really feel and what
they truly believe to University
professors the protests at graduation
are a learning opportunity for
post-pandemic students and it's hugely
ironic that uh in other institutions
thus far not here but in other
institutions University administrators
have taken it upon themselves with very
little reason to shut down students
voices to arrest and detain and breakup
encampments that have served the purpose
really of enlivening Campus debate as
opposed to closing it down more than
63,000 Spectators watched 8,000 students
get their degrees at an arena called The
Big House Michigan Stadium there was
security screening and there were
volunteers there to root out disruptions
but the students did find Opportunities
to hold the university accountable for
its investments in Israel and its war in
Gaza
there were Palestinian Flags in the big
[Music]
house these students were briefly
detained by police after interrupting a
smaller graduation ceremony on
campus across the country students
insist that with the university term
over many of them will return to their
family homes but the protests will go on
until their demands are met John hendin
Al jazer an Arbor
Michigan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer